the Israeli military is maintaining its
Relentless air and ground assault across
the Gaza Strip from north to south in
Gaza City at least 17 people were killed
while waiting for a humanitarian Aid
delivery at a major intersection Israeli
troops have repeatedly targeted crowds
of Palestinians at the Kuwait roundabout
where they wait to receive much needed
food
Parcels meanwhile the Palestine red
Cresent society says five people were
killed at the same intersection on
Friday
[Music]
the organization said thousands of
people were waiting for trucks carrying
flour and other basic supplies Witnesses
said that warning shots were fired by
those organizing the delivery but
Israeli troops also opened fire trucks
reportedly rammed into people as they
were trying to grab Aid packages the
roundabout links Southern Gaza with the
north where the UN has warned that
famine is taking
hold while in central Gaza the Israeli
strike on a house has killed at least
three people in the alghazi refugee camp
several people are still missing after
the dawn attack and emergency crews are
working to rescue those under the debris
Israeli attacks have killed more than
32,700 Palestinians since
October Let's cross over to TK abum
joins us now from Rafa in Southern Gaza
good morning TK I wish it was a good
morning another strike at the Kuwaiti
roundabout uh just tell us a little bit
more about what people are telling you
about what happened
there yes well good morning and that was
completely bloody attack that has been
carried out overnight on Al quit
roundabout where the Israeli forces have
opened the fire against people uh who
were waiting for aid supplies to be
delivered to the another part of gaza's
trip and according to eyewitnesses there
on the ground they have been describing
the situation there being completely
chaotic as the Israeli forces have been
targeting also members of local and
popular tribal committees that are
responsible for securing the deliveries
of aid supplies to the nor G in order to
be safely later distributed to desperate
families who are in a very desperate
need for such life-saving supplies but
clearly so it's not the first attack
that has been carried out against those
people who are securing and also waiting
for a suppli Israel had multiply
targeted people in Alit round about
which has been called among Palestinians
as a death trap by eyewitnesses as we
have been contacting them they have been
saying that Medical Teams along with the
civil defense crews are still grappling
to evacuate the uh victims and the
injuries from the location there as
there are still some people laying on
the ground there without receiving any
rescue yet because of the intense level
of the Israeli bombardment and that's
absolutely the scene for the people who
are waiting for supplies and mainly this
place had been multiply targeted at the
same time people keep going there
despite the risky nature of the place
because simply they have no options
remained they know that might they might
be killed they know that they might be
targeted but they don't want to return
back to the houses with empty hands uh
in order to uh feed their families who
have been suffering from high rates of
Mal nutrician Amed a clear sign of
famine is emerging on the horizon there
and of course uh T it does raise the
question which we're also going to be
asking our analysts through the day here
on Al jazer about specifically how you
can safely get Aid into the area when
these incidents of attacks are occurring
and at the same time incidents of
malnutrition are
increasing yes uh that's absolutely
controversial to reality in fact so
Israel is saying that the are
facilitating the process of Aid
deliveries to the another parts of Gaza
Strip and at the same time they have
been uh giving uh a different denial uh
to the majority of the humanitarian
convoys by the United Nations to get an
access to the northern part of the
territory and at the same time different
countries have been forced to carry out
different air dropping operations and
the the recent established Maritime
Corridor that has been allocated for a
more Aid deliveries to the Gaza Strip
that absolutely reflects the uh diet
reality here on on the ground as people
are suffering in order to get S much
needed life-saving supplies and mainly
right now they are depending on the air
dropping they have been completely
unsafe as that has been falling on the
heads of the civilians there and also
people uh who are trying to get an A
throughout the Merit time Corridor they
are suffering to get much needed
supplies because of the very limited
amount that had been delivered on the
course of the past days even those who
are waiting for humanitarian convoys on
Kuwait and the naboi roundabout they
have been multiply exposed to the
Israeli fire giving a clear indication
that people there are dying slowly they
are even being targeted if they want to
get an eight Supply and at the same time
they have been receiving more orders
from the Israeli occupation to no longer
exist there besides the ongoing denial
and restrictions being osed on
humanitarian convoys deliveries to the
north and with more growing calls from
the International Community and
different humanitarian organizations for
the Israeli government to alleviate the
restrictions being imposed on Aid
deliveries as there are hundreds of
humanitarian convoys arrestation on the
Egyptian side waiting for further
approval to get into the territory in
terms of the ongoing bombardment that
has taken place that also considered to
be a very integral element that also
hampering Aid deliveries to much needed
areas of the Gaza STP Tabo isum there
for us in Rafa in southern Gaza thank
you